[control-plane-manager] Move kubernetesVersion from CC to MC (#21828)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/040-control-plane-manager/docs/README.md

**Patch versions** of control plane components (i.e. within the minor version, for example, from `1.31.13` to `1.31.14`) are upgraded automatically together with the DKP version updates. You can't manage patch version upgrades.

> Upgrading **minor versions** of control plane components (e.g. from `1.32.*` to `1.33.*`) can be managed using the [`kubernetesVersion`](configuration.html#parameters-kubernetesversion) parameter of the `control-plane-manager` ModuleConfig. It specifies tracking the Deckhouse default (if set to `Default`) or the desired minor version of the control plane. The default control plane version (to use with `kubernetesVersion: Default`) as well as a list of supported Kubernetes versions can be found in [the documentation](/products/kubernetes-platform/documentation/v1/reference/supported_versions.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upgrading **minor versions** of control plane components (e.g. from `1.32.*` to `1.33.*`) can be managed using the [`kubernetesVersion`](configuration.html#parameters-kubernetesversion) parameter of the `control-plane-manager` ModuleConfig. It specifies tracking the DKP default (if set to `Default`) or the desired minor version of the control plane. The default control plane version (to use with `kubernetesVersion: Default`) as well as a list of supported Kubernetes versions can be found in [the "Supported Kubernetes and OS versions"](/products/kubernetes-platform/documentation/v1/reference/supported_versions.html) section.
```
